SB0700CSCB01
Statistics for All U.S. Firms That Were Jointly Owned and Operated by Spouses by Industry, Gender, Ethnicity, Race, and Veteran Status for the U.S.: 2007

Note: This is a modified view of the original table.

[NOTE: Includes firms with paid employees and firms with no paid employees. Data are based on the 2007 Economic Census, and the estimates of business ownership by gender, ethnicity, race, and veteran status are from the 2007 Survey of Business Owners. Detail may not add to total due to rounding or because a Hispanic firm may be of any race. Moreover, each owner had the option of selecting more than one race and therefore is included in each race selected. Respondent firms include all firms that responded to the characteristic(s) tabulated in this dataset and reported gender, ethnicity, race, or veteran status or that were publicly held or not classifiable by gender, ethnicity, race, and veteran status. Percentages are for respondent firms only and are not recalculated when the dataset is resorted.  Percentages are always based on total reporting (defined above) within a gender, ethnicity, race, veteran status, and/or industry group for the characteristics tabulated in this dataset. Firms with more than one domestic establishment are counted in each geographic area and industry in which they operate, but only once in the U.S. and state totals for all sectors. For information on confidentiality protection, sampling error, nonsampling error, and definitions, see Survey Methodology.]

Universe Description
The universe for the 2007 Survey of Business Owners (SBO) includes all U.S.
  firms operating during 2007 with receipts of $1,000 or more which are classified
  in the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) sectors 11 through
  99, except for NAICS 111, 112, 481111, 482, 491, 525, 813, 814, and 92 which
  are not covered. Firms with more than one domestic establishment are counted
  in each geographic area and industry in which they operate, but only once in
  the U.S. total.

In this file, "respondent firms" refers to all firms that reported gender,
ethnicity, race, or veteran status for at least one owner or returned a survey form
with at least one item completed and were publicly held or
not classifiable by gender, ethnicity, race, and veteran status.

Data Items
This file contains data on:
    Number of firms, firms with paid employees, and firms with no paid employees
    Sales and receipts for all firms, firms with paid employees, and firms with no paid employees
    Number of employees for firms with paid employees
    Annual payroll for firms with paid employees
    Percent of all respondent firms, respondent firms with paid employees, and respondent firms with no paid employees
    Percent of sales and receipts of all respondent firms, respondent firms with paid employees, and respondent firms with no paid employees
    Percent of number of employees of respondent firms with paid employees
    Percent of annual payroll of respondent firms with paid employees

Geographic Coverage
The data are shown at the U.S. level only.

Industry Detail
The data are shown for the total of all sectors (NAICS 00) and at the 2-digit NAICS code level.

Other Variables Identifying Records
The data are published by whether the business was jointly-owned or operated by spouses in 2007  and by gender, ethnicity, race, and veteran status.
Release Schedule
The data in this file will be released in June 2011.

Related Data Files
This file is related to all other 2007 SBO files.

Data Limitations
Refer to Methodology for additional
 information.

File Sequence
Data are presented in ascending levels by:

   NAICS code (NAICS2007)
   Gender, ethnicity, race, and veteran status (CBGROUP)
Whether the business was jointly-owned or operated by spouses in 2007 (HUSBWIFE)

The data are sorted on underlying control field values, so control fields may not appear in alphabetical order.

Estimated File Size
5 MB

E$X
	X	Not applicable

F7$601
	(601)	Crop and Animal Production (NAICS 111 and 112) are out of scope of the 2007 Survey of Business Owners.

E$S
	S	Withheld because estimate did not meet publication standards

E$D
	D	Withheld to avoid disclosing data for individual companies; data are included in higher level totals

E$b
	b	20 to 99 employees

F7$603
	(603)	Scheduled Passenger Air Transportation (NAICS 481111), Rail Transportation (NAICS 482), and the Postal Service (NAICS 491) are out of scope of the 2007 Survey of Business Owners.

F7$604
	(604)	Funds, Trusts, and Other Financial Vehicles (NAICS 525) are out of scope of the 2007 Survey of Business Owners.

F7$605
	(605)	Religious, Grantmaking, Civic, Professional, and Similar Organizations (NAICS 813) and Private Households (NAICS 814) are out of scope of the 2007 Survey of Business Owners.

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2007 Survey of Business Owners
Note: The data in this file are based on the 2007 Economic Census, Survey of Business Owners (SBO). To maintain confidentiality, the Census Bureau suppresses data to protect the identity of any business or individual. The census results in this file contain sampling and nonsampling errors. Data users who create their own estimates using data from this file should cite the Census Bureau as the source of the original data only. For the full technical documentation, see the Survey Methodology.


